Update js-interop.md (#1551)
phoenixframework/phoenix_live_view: guides/client/js-interop.md

*Note*: events pushed from the server via `push_event` are global and will be dispatched
to all active hooks on the client who are handling that event.

> *Note*: In case a LiveView pushes events and renders content, `handleEvent` callbacks are invoked after the page is updated. Therefore, if the LiveView redirects at the same time it pushes events, callbacks won't be invoked on the old page's elements. Callbacks would be invoked on the new page's elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note*: In case a LiveView pushes events and renders content, `handleEvent` callbacks are invoked after the page is updated. Therefore, if the LiveView redirects at the same time it pushes events, callbacks won't be invoked on the old page's elements. Callbacks would be invoked on the redirected page's newly mounted hook elements.
```
